[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you so
much for having me.
>>EMERY: Tim, there's
an energetic shift
that everyone
perceives going on.
Though it's hard for many
people to articulate it,
what can you tell us
about this big shift?
>>TIM: So basically,
in this project,
when we were communicating with
extraterrestrial intelligences,
we found out and we've been
warned that the Earth itself
is going through an energetic
shift, which is going to affect
everyone on the planet.
So this is basically
more than 15 years ago.
And it really created some
kind of tension in me.
So that I came up with a plan
and some kind of strategy
that I gave to superiors
in order to proceed and to,
well, prepare the people
and the whole population
of what's going to happen.
But unfortunately,
at that time, I
was told that that would not
be possible at that moment
and that everything had to go
through certain administrative
lines for it to unfold.
So I'm quite happy that at
some point, even though it's
pretty short notice
right now, it
was able to release
something that they called
independent field operator
status, which is actually
what I'm currently doing.
And I know a lot of people
have asked me about that.
So I wanted to clarify it.
>>EMERY: How do you
define the shift
that you're speaking about?
>>TIM: So basically,
what we've been told
is that every 15,000 years,
the whole planetary sphere
goes through a cycle
and that we actually
should prepare ourselves for
a certain solar beam that
will come to Earth, which is
currently actually happening.
So we have some radio
stations that you could even
access online for free.
And you can see that there's
an increased solar activity
for one or two years now.
And most of the ET
presences that we've
talked to are convinced that
it's going to be a good thing.
So basically, energy and
radiation will come to us.
And in that moment,
basically, the reality field
that we experience
right now will come tune
to a very drastic change.
>>EMERY: So are you
saying-- is this radiation
from a solar event or
something different?
>>TIM: There seemed to be many
natural phenomena included
in this.
So basically, it's
a solar event mainly
because the Sun
is the main source
of energy in the solar system.
We have this heliocentric
reality field.
But it also comes with other
impacts on other fields
and also the pole shift
that's going to happen.
And we've seen that in
the history of Earth.
And we're going to see it again.
>>EMERY: Tim, are
extraterrestrial beings involved
with the upcoming shift?
>>TIM: Yes, very
much so, actually.
Basically, the Earth
itself is surrounded
by presences of
extraterrestrial neighbors
that are actually observing
what's going to happen.
We're not quite
alone on this planet.
We still have some other
intelligences as well here.
And those civilizations seem
to be much more prepared
for what's going to happen.
So they take the resources that
they have in order to help out.
>>EMERY: What exactly
are they doing?
>>TIM: So basically,
they are influencing
from outside the reality
field that we have.
So I want to refer to a
scientifically researched
effect, which is dating
back to the 1970s.
And it's all about a Indian
guru called Maharishi.
He was trying to affect
the reality field by people
communally or in a group
meditating and giving input
into the reality field.
And what they found is that we
do have a significant effect
on reality.
And I do know that Gaia as
well has done those experiments
in the past.
And they had incredible
results by bringing down
certain statistical
numbers and even sponsoring
certain mass meditation events.
>>EMERY: We've seen through the
work of Lynne McTaggart as well
as the Maharishi effect that
the collective outpouring
of our thoughts can
positively affect realities.
What is needed for an individual
to positively accomplish
this effect?
>>TIM: Perfect question.
So in the project, we
found three pillars
that enhance the effect.
One is the individual knowledge
and training of the subject.
So everyone who's
already done meditation,
who feels connected
to the reality field
is much more trained than
somebody who's never ever
had a thought about
reality effects.
Number two is
actually repetition,
which means the more we do it,
the more we exponentially grow
the possibilities of it.
So the more we say
all shift happily now,
the more it adds to
the overall effect.
And the third one is super
important by reducing
the number.
So Maharishi actually
was talking about the 1%.
And there's also this
so-called 1% effect,
where a species needs to
have 1% of their population
to learn something.
And then everyone in
the species learns it.
But what we actually found
out is that it's not the 1%.
It's more the emotional
connectivity that we have.
So if we're aligned
with each other,
if we are emotionally
connected to each other,
then this number
drastically goes down.
And in the projects,
we've even calculated that
by measuring the frequencies.
So at best, if we are
as friends and as--
if we all agree upon
being on one mission,
then we only need
9,230 persons in order
to collectively change and
modify the whole reality
field for everyone.
>>EMERY: Tim, you use the
term emotional connectivity
to be on the same
page for the project.
Intellectually, it may be
easy to be on the same page.
But what is it
specifically an emotion
that makes it so effective?
>>TIM: So what we've seen, which
is documented in the history--
that there were times where
certain Asian tribes forced
those people that they have
conquered to do praying for them
because they were
aware that we can
change the reality by praying
and giving input into the field.
But they were kind of surprised
because all those people
that they enslaved and wanted
them to do praying work
did not seem to do very much.
So the universe itself
seems to pick up
on your free will and
your emotional seriousness
about your own mission and
contributing to this mission.
And that is the main
point that dedicates
if you're on a successful
timeline or not.
>>EMERY: Can you explain what
that emotional reality or energy
is?
>>TIM: Well, to be
very clear, they
did experiments on
the amount of energy
that is being irradiated from
persons that are emotionally
attached to each other.
So basically, in this
experiment, in those advanced
groups, they took
couples versus people
that were not emotionally
affected or interested
in the outcome of the
reality modification.
And it was seen that a couple
that is in love and that
uses their collective
vibrations,
they are so much more
multiplied in their effect
compared to a single person
or even a loose group that
does not connect in
any way or kind of way.
>>EMERY: Tim, is this unique
to a biological life form?
Or can AI program reality
achieve the same results?
>>TIM: What we see is that
the psionic effect, which
is actually the psi waves
that come from your brain
and from your interconnectivity
through your pineal gland
to your outer field, that this
is actually a certain frequency.
It's a certain wave pattern.
So AI can actually utilize the
same frequency and wave pattern
in order to modify reality?
So, yes, you could
actually use an AI system.
And if you have enough power,
which means electricity, which
is a lot that is
needed, then you
could basically produce
any kind of simulation.
And that is actually
what scientists
say is happening right
now, that we're actually
in the tangible universe, that
this is a huge power source
AI that's producing that.
So we all know from
quantum experiments
that the energy amount that
one human has is enormous.
It's much more than anything
that we could produce
by conventional technology.
>>EMERY: With the
energetic changes
we sense or feel on
the planet, would you
say that it's a
harmonic of sorts?
And if so, can we
isolate that harmonic
and project an opposite energy
to shift us into a happy place
that we all need on
Earth at this time?
>>TIM: Technically,
yes, you can do that.
Actually, everything
irradiates a certain frequency.
And we've seen that
done on a minor scale
in certain experiments
in those projects,
that you take the quantum
information of a certain state.
And then you abstract
certain information
that you don't want to have.
And just in the same way that
it works with acoustic waves--
so we've also seen that you can
counterbalance acoustic waves
if you take the
equivalent frequencies
and balance that out.
So you could do the same thing
with psionic waves and reality
waves.
But if we're thinking
about a huge, huge scale,
like a planetary scale, everyone
who is inside of this field
is automatically contributing
to the reality field.
And unfortunately, there's
this malevolent force
that has introduced
certain patterns
and certain routines
that keep people
in this sort of negative
struggle around their life
so that they always reproduce
this kind of lower worldview.
>>EMERY: Do we understand the
source of this malevolent force?
>>TIM: So there's
actually a trial
going on outside of this planet
against a specific reptile
species that is accused
of having set up
this malevolent
installation upon Earth.
As far as I'm
informed, it's still
going on-- this kind of trial.
But what we see is
that there's basically
a systematic way of influencing
people into thinking
that they are limited.
>>EMERY: Tim, who's
holding these reptilian
types accountable?
>>TIM: That's fairly complex.
So basically, there
is an alliance
of species that
hold other species
accountable for their deeds.
And there is a very complex
set of rules of what is allowed
and what is not allowed.
And this installation
that is systematically
placed upon this Earth,
it's been hidden inside
of the sociocultural
aspects of humanity.
So it looks like as
if humanity would
have done it to themselves.
But the trial actually came
up with quite clear evidence
that there are
patterns that show
that it's artificial-- or
malevolently, intentionally,
been placed there.
>>EMERY: Do we know any of
these species who are holding
these reptilians accountable?
>>TIM: Well, the Greys, for
example, are one good example,
that they are actually
doing some kind of the work
to do the analysis.
But we also know that
there's some kind
of collective of species.
You might want to call them
like Galactic Federation.
I've heard that term before.
So there are quite a few species
that actually come together
in some kind of court
around Jupiter, I think.
And they are actually holding
court around those processes.
>>EMERY: How has
it been resolved?
>>TIM: As much as I know,
it's still currently going on.
So there's this one species that
is accused of having done that.
The consequences
are being debated.
I know that there
are possibilities
of freezing a species, which is
one of the punishment sort of.
But that's also--
the big question
is the systematic approach
to it is self-replicating.
So there needs to be
some kind of solution
to free Earth from it.
And we know that the US military
and different other Earth
militaries have actually
removed the physical presence
of those beings that are
accused of having installed it
from Earth-- from
the surface of Earth.
But the-- well, most humans are
actually involved in this setup.
And it's kind of
hard to get that--
to delete that in
some kind of way.
>>EMERY: When you say
most humans are involved
in the setup, what do you mean?
>>TIM: So just be very clear,
for example, the school system.
So basically, the way--
chairs, for example.
If you take the way
people are sitting
around eight hours in their
respective field of work--
eight hours-- and we know
that the energy lines
around the spine are actually
responsible for your ability
to utilize this energy, actually
like a garden hose, where you
do a knot or something in it.
People know that sitting around
is really bad for your spine.
But still, everyone's or
most people are doing it.
>>EMERY: We're making efforts
to shift Earth differently
when a lot of people
don't even know
that we're in a
situation where we need
to shift the Earth differently.
How do you fill that gap?
>>TIM: The beautiful thing
is that if we're doing it
collectively-- and again, we
only need around 9,230 people
to do it.
When we're doing it
collectively in the right manner
and using the right
techniques, then we
can influence the reality
field and its outcome
without having the need to find
tangible, logical solutions
for every aspect of it.
So basically, things
will fall into place.
And I think this is a
different approach than what
3D or level three consciousness
would do because level three
consciousness-- and we find
that in the political systems
everywhere-- is
you have a problem.
And then you go into discussion.
And then you try to solve it.
And then you apply something.
And in the end, it will
not change drastically
in most cases.
At least, this is what we found.
So basically, changing
the reality field
and giving input into it will
make that fall into place
automatically.
And I've suggested that if we
only have five minutes per day,
just do the all
shift happily now.
And bring that energy into the
field because it collectively--
and the more we do it, it
will collectively change
the dynamics of the reality.
>>EMERY: What specific
steps can our viewers
take to prepare their minds for
the planetary shift mentioned
in the episode?
>>TIM: So step one
would be becoming aware
that you're much more
than your 3D reality,
becoming aware that you're
connected with the universe,
that you're a representative
of the universe
itself, of the
one creator field,
and that you have full
potential of becoming
the creator for
your own timeline.
That doesn't necessarily mean
that you create the timeline
of other people as well.
And that is point number two.
Or aspect number two
is connect yourself.
Connect yourself with
those viewers of Gaia.
Connect yourself with the people
on Gaia and the speakers there.
And found a new
home through that.
And when you
collectively do that,
you have the power to
influence all other beings.
In research, we've even found
that the way, for example,
toxic groups act--
if we bring this energy,
this information into people,
then they will have a chance
to act differently because I
know a lot of people are--
well, they think the government
and all these organizations
are malevolent.
And I would agree that those
organizations are mainly
toxic in some kind of way.
But there are always people in
those groups that are actually
very benevolent or thinking
they're doing the right thing.
But they are limited
by their structure
and by the
possibilities they have.
So even if we give energy
into them-- into soldiers,
into politicians, into, well,
members of the intelligence
community-- then
they automatically
will benefit from that as well.
And they have new chances
in order to make decisions.
>>EMERY: Now, Tim, as
people apply themselves
to this all shift
happily now concept,
is it enough that many
individuals do it individually?
Or do they have to
do it collectively
at the same time
for the most impact?
>>TIM: So for the most
impact, the best thing
would be that we do it
collectively at the same time
and then do it repeatedly.
One approach for me
was to, for example,
get myself involved with social
media, Instagram and YouTube,
in order to build a
community and to be
involved with that community.
I myself take a lot
of positive energy
from that because people
are so positive and nice
around that community.
And they connect themselves
through that social media.
And this is kind of beautiful.
So everyone finds
their own home there.
In the end, it doesn't
really matter when we do it.
Because if we repeatedly
do it, then we
will also cause the same effect.
The importance is that we
go out and, first of all,
do what is necessary
to do for ourselves,
for our own benefit,
and our own timeline,
but also do it collectively.
Go to Gaia and connect through
this community as well.
>>EMERY: How will the all shift
happily now manifestation impact
the outcome of the
planetary shift?
>>TIM: I'm super
convinced, actually,
that this is going to be great.
Actually, I wouldn't
do it if I wasn't.
So I basically see
that we're already
forming a new community, a new
way how we deal with each other.
The feedback of the social
media is so beautiful.
And the people are communicating
and connecting with each other,
which is beautiful too.
So basically, we are
teaching ourselves
to become a holistic society
in a small, experimental group.
But we also having
this enormous effect
of bringing energy into our
collective reality field.
I'm super thankful that Gaia
is as well participating
and that you are
participating in that.
So I'm super positive about
the future and what's coming.
>>EMERY: Tim, Thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>>TIM: Thank you so
much for having me.
And thanks for watching this
incredible journey with us.
And thanks to everyone
in "Cosmic Disclosure."
And if we can just take
one second in order
to get into our connectivity
with this reality field
and then just let's say it all
together, all shift happily now.
Thank you so much.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next season.
[THEME SONG]